docs(breadcrumbs): add collapsing items playgrounds (#2373)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/breadcrumbs.md

<CustomSeparators />

## Collapsing Items

### Max Items

> If there are more items than the value of `max-items`, the breadcrumbs will be collapsed. By default, only the first and last items will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are more items than the value of `maxItems`, the breadcrumbs will be collapsed. By default, only the first and last items will be shown.
```

We typically refer to the property names using camel case as that is how they are documented in the "Properties" section.

import MaxItems from '@site/static/usage/breadcrumbs/collapsing-items/max-items/index.md';

<MaxItems />

### Items Before or After Collapse

> Once the items are collapsed, the number of items to show can be controlled by the `items-before-collapse` and `items-after-collase` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the items are collapsed, the number of items to show can be controlled by the `itemsBeforeCollapse` and `itemsAfterCollapse` properties.
```

We typically refer to the property names using camel case as that is how they are documented in the "Properties" section.
